How did I get back here?
It has become what it looked like when it was a child
And I can see monkeys with my eyes
Master, you are lazy again.
Master, how are you?
I miss you so much
Say such mushy words
That's not like you.
Master, I lost
Please leave me here
Pardon me?
I said I lost.
shut up
Let me forget
How did Zaixuan Gate teach you?
Don't say failure here
Don't say give up
I can't live like a coward
You have to learn to stand up on your own
master
At that time, Luo Zhan, who was not afraid of heaven and earth
Where did you go?
Where is Luo Zhan, who wants to be first in everything?
Even at the last moment
Where did Luo Zhan, who refused to admit defeat, go?